Well let's go ahead and let's actually create comments here.
All right so first of all well actually this is the wrong place.
I mean do we this or here what we're going to say here you comment or here and then we're going to say
this is going to be in the header.
All right.
So this is going to be the banner the first one was heard or now we're going to be working with the
banner and the banner here is going to be this guy.
And the first thing that we're going to say is we would want a back room.
So I'm going to say we're here this is going to be hash tag banner and maybe let's again create a lot
of room.
So it is easy for us to work out here.
I'm going to say curly braces and then I'm going to say background and I know you are going to write.
You are all right here and then we're going to place the image right here you can see that I have a
background image right now because here we have a background image but we're here.
We need to fix things.
So first of all we would want to fix is we would actually fix a background attachment and that's going
to create this parallax effect right as we were actually scrolling up and down.
You can see that the background is going to be moving slower than the text that's actually placed in
the background.
I don't have a background size background.
And we're going to say size and that's going to be a cover on here because we would want not can ever
cover more here.
All right.
So you would want to cover the whole thing then or here we would want a background repeat and we're
going to say background repeat no repeat background repeat no repeat.
Then after that we're going to have a background position back ground position and we're going to say
Senator on this.
We're going to place it in the center and then we're going to have all here we want to place this text
in the center.
So I'm going to say this play works here.
So now the actual battery is going to be flex parent then all here we're going to have a line items
and I'm going to say line items center here and just if I can to also Center to actually want to place
them both in the center and you can see the beauty over here and the very very beginning right when
we had over here this letter and this play flaks right.
So this is going to be hundred review right now.
Here we had it now and we had about it.
So basically what I'm saying is this whole screen right here should be always 100 percent.
And the Nav. We're here with a banner should actually split it.
Right.
However they would want and you can see or hear the key or here this is flex one.
Because you find get rid of this right.
This is how it's going to look like.
However if we go back to grow now the banner grows all the way right to fill up the screen because over
here the height was 100 percent or 100 yards.
All right.
So this is how we come together.
Now we have placed the text in the center now.
Is just the easy part.
We actually need to have a styling for this text.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be banner and I'm going to say box here and this and then
we're going to have over here a color here on this and we're going to say this 5 5 5 here and we're
going to have the text align center.
And this then we're going to have a banner Tyrel I'm going to say Vanner title like this and then we're
going to say text.
I'm going to say transform and we would want capitalize on line so we would want the title to actually
be kept twice.
Then after that we would want a font size font size over here and we're going to say 60 pixels like
this.
So 60 pixels is great.
Again more room.
All right then the next one after title is going to be barnburner on the line banner are you on the
line.
And then when we're going to say this is going to be with of I'd say 200 pixels.
You know this is going to have a margin of 10 pixels over here.
All right.
And you can't see anything right because we haven't added the most important thing is going to be border
where three pixels on here are solid and we're going to create a blue one here and we're going to say
hash tag to be here 9 8 0.
All right.
So now we have the blue line.
Then after that we're going to have a banner subtitle.
So we're going to say we're here banner on your sub title.
So that's going to be text underneath the slim margin.
Twenty pixels.
And this is going to be zero pixels.
So on the sides we're going to zero pixels on top bottom and have some margins.
This is going to be 40 pixels down.
And after that it's going to be zero again text or here transform is going to be a capitalize on this
and then we're going to have a font size 25 pixels we're 25 pixels.
Then after that we would want to use to work with them.
But before we work with the link you can see or hear there's one issue right.
You can see it over here my picture right is very bright.
And how do we do that.
How do we get rid of this right.
Because the text is white in the pictures right.
We can go back over here and we can place a linear gradient.
So we're going to sell in here gradient here and then we're going to get in place.
RG beat be 0 0 0 here and then we're going to say we're here I don't know I'd say something along the
5 or 3 or something like that right.
So this is going to be basically how transparent it is.
So I'm going to say we're three closer.
Come on NRG be zero zero zero zero point three and then we're going to place a camera here.
All right.
So now we can see that we placed the overlay in front of the image here right.
And you can see that with this one right we first selected the color.
Right so you can select whatever color you want.
I just picked the black one with all the zeros.
Here you can see how transparent.
Right.
So obviously one would mean that it's totally all hair black.
You can see on the top right and 0.3 is over here right.
But I'm going to keep both of them 0.3 right so it's not too much or not too well now that we are done
with this let's go back and let's just style the link here.
What I'm going to say is this is going to be a id banner here box and this a.
And then I'm going to say display.
Inline block here.
Then I'm going to say padding and padding is going to be 10 pixels here.
And the reason why we're doing inline blocks are actually when we're adding the padding.
It actually means something otherwise if you're just if you're not going to have inline block or block
and pretty much padding it's still not going to affect you and it's still going to be bumping into the
different elements.
So basically if we know that we're here and this link will be in line element right now we're actually
making it a block element but we don't want it to be spanning all across that we're making inline block.
Then after that we would want a font size and we're going to set font size is going to be 40 pixels.
Then that we're going to be text decoration in here then we're going to have a color.
F5 F5 F5.
You know there's going to have a background and the background is going to be hash tag to be on here
9 8 0 and you can see this and this was supposed to be hash tag right.
Now this is going to be a blue background then we're going to have a border here and we're going to
say three pixels solid here.
And again we're going to use the same car.
And the reason why we're adding all these more is because once we're going to be actually adding a hovering
effect right.
If we don't do this then your actual whole screen is going to be changing and I'm going to show you
this again.
Right.
So we'll have a border.
And again we're going to use this transition smooth transition.
And again by now you should know that we're going to actually have to write a properties that we would
want to listen in to the ground.
Three seconds.
He's going to have a border and the board is going to be 0.5 he's here like this.
So now that we have them.
So we're going to go back over here and what we're going to say and this is going to be a banner box
and I'm going to say hey I'm here and I'm going to say hover.
So once we have the Hummer we're going to say background.
Transparent transparent like this and then to say border this is going to be three pixels solid here
and we're going to have a hash tag and 5 5 5.
Now let's say this and let's see what happens.
Now I can see that it's actually changing right.
But this is not happening the way we want.
Right.
Because this is pretty much changing as we're actually hovering right.
But that's not what we wanted we would want a three seconds easy or here right.
So let's go back over here and the mistake here is the fact that I missed the second answer or here
if we say this I can see that it's actually doing this gradually right.
So this was my mistake.
That's why nothing was happening.
And now we can go back over here and we can actually figure out why we had over this border.
Right.
So let's say if we would come in this one out and this and let's say this and let's see what happens
right now I can see that the whole text is moving.
Right.
Because you can see that we're actually adding the border.
Now if we wouldn't have done that right then obviously this would be the result.
So therefore we had to do more.
And then over here you can see that text is not changing right.
Only the hovering effect is happening.
And now we can go back or here right and we can see how it would look on the full screen.
Right.
So this is going to be our nav bar on here like this right.
This is going to be our search on if we have a row here this is going to be defect.
Right.
And we just need to refresh it over here right.
And now I can see that it's actually going to be doing this even though we actually save this so save
it again fresh.
And now I can see that everything is working right.
However if we got the smaller screen or here like this than what we have is our number then we can actually
use in this or here and everything is moving and or here you can see that this is going to be exactly
hundred units and now we're ready to move onto the next section and start working with the skills section.